\section{Related work}
\label{sec:related}
In 2012, Lenstra \ea~\cite{Lenstra2012a} and Heninger \ea~\cite{Heninger2012a}
independently analyzed a large set of RSA public keys used for TLS, SSH, and
PGP.  Both groups discovered that many keys shared prime factors, allowing an
attacker to efficiently compute the corresponding private keys.  The researchers
showed that the root cause was weak randomness at the time of key generation: 
Many Internet-connected devices lack entropy sources, resulting in predictable
keys.

One year later, Bernstein \ea~\cite{Bernstein2013a} showed similar flaws in
Taiwan's national ``Citizen Digital Certificate'' database.  Among more than two
million 1024-bit RSA keys, the authors discovered 184 vulnerable keys, 103 of
which shared prime factors.  The authors could break the remaining 81 keys by
applying a Coppersmith-type partial-key-recovery
attack~\cite{Coppersmith1996a,Coppersmith1997a}.

Valenta \ea~\cite{Valenta2016a} optimized popular implementations for integer
factorization, allowing them to factor 512-bit RSA public keys on Amazon EC2 in
under four hours for only \$75.  The authors then moved on to survey the RSA key
sizes that are used in popular protocols such as HTTPS, DNSSEC, and SSH,
discovering numerous keys of only 512 bits.

Most recently, in 2016, Hastings \ea~\cite{Hastings2016a} revisited the problem
of weak keys and investigated how many such keys were still on the Internet
four years after the initial studies.  The authors found that many vendors and
device owners never patched their vulnerable devices.  Surprisingly, the number
of vulnerable devices has actually \emph{increased} since 2012.
